[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2012 coming-of-age film
moonrise kingdom so let's get started on
a small island twelve-year-old Suzy
Bishop lives with her parents and her
three younger brothers orphan Sam also
12 attends camp Ivanhoe
led by Scoutmaster Ward we find that Sam
and Suzy met the year before became pen
pals and have grown a romantic
relationship
Suzy frustrated with her life at home
and Sam being the outcast of the Scout
group have made a pact to run our way
together word soon finds that Sam is
gone and notifies captain Sharpe they
alert Sam's foster parents but they find
they no longer wish to house him the
khaki Scouts ordered by ward to find Sam
confront the couple Suzy injures a scout
with scissors the scouts flee and Sam
and Suzy hike to a secluded Cove which
they named moonrise kingdom Susie's
parents Ward the scouts and captain
Sharpe finds Sam and Suzy Susie's
parents take her home where she reveals
to her mother that she knows she's
having an affair with captain sharp
sharp decides to house Sam after meeting
up to discuss Sam's situation the Scouts
help the couple escape again they go to
the khaki Scout headquarters to seek out
the help of cousin Ben who decides that
the best option is to send Sam and Suzy
off on a boat so Sam can avoid social
services they prepared to take off but
Sam runs back to grab Suzy's binoculars
that have been taken by the Scout she
stabbed earlier who alerts the camp a
storm rolls in leading to a chase
through a field of lightning Samish
struck but survives and they flee the
island due to severe flash flooding the
group heads to the church sharp spots
Sam and Suzy in the church and chases
them up to the sepal flank of their only
option is to jump they prepare to plunge
into the shallow water below before they
can sharp tells Sam he will adopt him
the steeple is destroyed by lightning
but everyone survives
we are shown Suzy and Sam living a
happier life in love at the close of the
film so that was a spoilers for moonrise
kingdom if you have a film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
it's below checkout movie spoiler alerts
on social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]